timeout configuration for local serving (#6)
bentoml/BentoSVD: README.md

2023-11-28T03:37:47+0000 [INFO] [cli] Starting production HTTP BentoServer from "service:svc" listening on http://0.0.0.0:3000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

> Notes: if the GPU is not as powerful as A100, the generation time needed may exceed 1 minutes. In this case we need to bump the timeout setting higher by applying custom configuration using `BENTOML_CONFIG=bentoml_configuration.yaml bentoml serve service:svc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If the GPU is not as powerful as A100, the generation time needed may exceed 1 minute. In this case, you need to bump the timeout setting higher by applying custom configuration using `BENTOML_CONFIG=bentoml_configuration.yaml bentoml serve service:svc`.
```
